README.md, before:

# tinyMCE mention

[![Travis](https://travis-ci.org/StevenDevooght/tinyMCE-mention.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/StevenDevooght/tinyMCE-mention)

Mentions plugin for tinyMCE WYSIWYG editor.

![preview](https://static.cognistreamer.com/mention-plugin/mention-4.0.0.png)

## Browser compatibility

* IE7+
* Chrome
* Safari
* Firefox
* Opera

## Dependencies

* [tinyMCE](http://www.tinymce.com/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

> NOTE: Use v3.x if you're using tinyMCE v3.5.x, use v4.x if you're using tinyMCE v4.x

## Usage

Install using bower.

```
bower install tinymce-mention
```

Or copy the source of the plugin to the plugins directory of your tinyMCE installation.
Add the mention plugin to your tinyMCE configuration.

```javascript
plugins : "advlink, paste, mention",
```

Add configuration options for the mention plugin. `source` is the only required setting.
> NOTE: `source` can also be a function. see the options section below.

```javascript
mentions: {
    source: [
        { name: 'Tyra Porcelli' }, 
        { name: 'Brigid Reddish' },
        { name: 'Ashely Buckler' },
        { name: 'Teddy Whelan' }
    ]
},
```

## Configuration

### source (required)

The source parameter can be configured as an array or a function.

#### array

```javascript
source: [
    { name: 'Tyra Porcelli' }, 
    { name: 'Brigid Reddish' },
    { name: 'Ashely Buckler' },
    { name: 'Teddy Whelan' }
]
```

#### function

```javascript
source: function (query, process, delimiter) {
    // Do your ajax call
    // When using multiple delimiters you can alter the query depending on the delimiter used
    if (delimiter === '@') {
       $.getJSON('ajax/users.json', function (data) {
          //call process to show the result
          process(data)
       });
    }
}
```

### queryBy

The name of the property used to do the lookup in the `source`.

**Default**: `'name'`.

### delimiter

Character that will trigger the mention plugin. Can be configured as a character or an array of characters.

#### character

```javascript
delimiter: '@'
```

#### array

```javascript
delimiter: ['@', '#']
```

**Default**: `'@'`.

### delay

Delay of the lookup in milliseconds when typing a new character.

**Default**: `500`.

### items

Maximum number of items displayed in the dropdown.

**Default**: `10`

### matcher

Checks for a match in the source collection.

```javascript
matcher: function(item) {
    //only match Peter Griffin
    if(item[this.options.queryBy] === 'Peter Griffin') {
        return true;
    }
}
```

### highlighter

Highlights the part of the query in the matched result.

```javascript
highlighter: function(text) {
    //make matched block italic
    return text.replace(new RegExp('(' + this.query + ')', 'ig'), function ($1, match) {
        return '<i>' + match + '</i>';
    });
}
```

### insertFrom
Key used in the default `insert` implementation.

**Default**: `queryBy` value

> NOTE: key can be any property defined in`source` option.

### insert

Callback to set the content you want to insert in tinyMCE.

```javascript
insert: function(item) {
    return '<span>' + item.name + '</span>';
}
```

> NOTE: item parameter has all properties defined in the `source` option.

### render

Callback to set the HTML of an item in the autocomplete dropdown.

```javascript
render: function(item) {
    return '<li>' +
               '<a href="javascript:;"><span>' + item.name + '</span></a>' +
           '</li>';
}
```

> NOTE: item parameter has all properties defined in the `source` option.

### renderDropdown

Callback to set the wrapper HTML for the autocomplete dropdown.

```javascript
renderDropdown: function() {
    //add twitter bootstrap dropdown-menu class
    return '<ul class="rte-autocomplete dropdown-menu"></ul>';
}
```

## License

MIT licensed

Copyright (C) 2013 Cognistreamer, [http://cognistreamer.com](http://cognistreamer.com)

Commit message:

Add doc and possibility to deactivate teams like block

README.md, after:

# tinyMCE mention

[![Travis](https://travis-ci.org/StevenDevooght/tinyMCE-mention.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/StevenDevooght/tinyMCE-mention)

Mentions plugin for tinyMCE WYSIWYG editor.

![preview](https://static.cognistreamer.com/mention-plugin/mention-4.0.0.png)

## Browser compatibility

* IE7+
* Chrome
* Safari
* Firefox
* Opera

## Dependencies

* [tinyMCE](http://www.tinymce.com/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

> NOTE: Use v3.x if you're using tinyMCE v3.5.x, use v4.x if you're using tinyMCE v4.x

## Usage

Install using bower.

```
bower install tinymce-mention
```

Or copy the source of the plugin to the plugins directory of your tinyMCE installation.
Add the mention plugin to your tinyMCE configuration.

```javascript
plugins : "advlink, paste, mention",
```

Add configuration options for the mention plugin. `source` is the only required setting.
> NOTE: `source` can also be a function. see the options section below.

```javascript
mentions: {
    source: [
        { name: 'Tyra Porcelli' }, 
        { name: 'Brigid Reddish' },
        { name: 'Ashely Buckler' },
        { name: 'Teddy Whelan' }
    ]
},
```

## Configuration

### source (required)

The source parameter can be configured as an array or a function.

#### array

```javascript
source: [
    { name: 'Tyra Porcelli' }, 
    { name: 'Brigid Reddish' },
    { name: 'Ashely Buckler' },
    { name: 'Teddy Whelan' }
]
```

#### function

```javascript
source: function (query, process, delimiter) {
    // Do your ajax call
    // When using multiple delimiters you can alter the query depending on the delimiter used
    if (delimiter === '@') {
       $.getJSON('ajax/users.json', function (data) {
          //call process to show the result
          process(data)
       });
    }
}
```

### queryBy

The name of the property used to do the lookup in the `source`.

**Default**: `'name'`.

### delimiter

Character that will trigger the mention plugin. Can be configured as a character or an array of characters.

#### character

```javascript
delimiter: '@'
```

#### array

```javascript
delimiter: ['@', '#']
```

**Default**: `'@'`.

### delay

Delay of the lookup in milliseconds when typing a new character.

**Default**: `500`.

### items

Maximum number of items displayed in the dropdown.

**Default**: `10`

### matcher

Checks for a match in the source collection.

```javascript
matcher: function(item) {
    //only match Peter Griffin
    if(item[this.options.queryBy] === 'Peter Griffin') {
        return true;
    }
}
```

### highlighter

Highlights the part of the query in the matched result.

```javascript
highlighter: function(text) {
    //make matched block italic
    return text.replace(new RegExp('(' + this.query + ')', 'ig'), function ($1, match) {
        return '<i>' + match + '</i>';
    });
}
```

### insertFrom
Key used in the default `insert` implementation.

**Default**: `queryBy` value

> NOTE: key can be any property defined in`source` option.

### insert

Callback to set the content you want to insert in tinyMCE.


```javascript
insert: function(item) {
    return '<span class="at_content" id="' + item.id + '">' + item.name + '</span>';
}
```

> NOTE: you need to set the class at_content in order to have the "teams-like" options, if no id given in the source, queryBy used by default
> NOTE: item parameter has all properties defined in the `source` option.

### useMentionBlock

Treat a mention as a block, you can't delete or add letters in the block

```js
useMentionBlock: true
```
### style

Change style of the default insert

```js
mentionStyle: 'font-size: 72px; background-color: red;';
```

### render

Callback to set the HTML of an item in the autocomplete dropdown.

```javascript
render: function(item) {
    return '<li>' +
               '<a href="javascript:;"><span>' + item.name + '</span></a>' +
           '</li>';
}
```

> NOTE: item parameter has all properties defined in the `source` option.

### renderDropdown

Callback to set the wrapper HTML for the autocomplete dropdown.

```javascript
renderDropdown: function() {
    //add twitter bootstrap dropdown-menu class
    return '<ul class="rte-autocomplete dropdown-menu"></ul>';
}
```

## License

MIT licensed

Copyright (C) 2013 Cognistreamer, [http://cognistreamer.com](http://cognistreamer.com)
